docs/README.md, before:

# `gitspork` Documentation

> [!NOTE]
> Gitspork is still in a relatively early development phase. Pre-1.0 release, we will continue to iterate here and dial in both functionality and documentation alike.

## For Upstream Developers

When getting started, you can run `gitspork init --help` to see the schema and documentation for `.gitspork.yml`:

```yaml
version: "v0.1.0" # version of gitspork relevant to the config
upstream_owned: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that should be treated as fully-owned by the upstream gitspork repo
- "upstream-owned.txt"
downstream_owned: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that should be treated as fully-owned by the downstream repo once it's been initially integrated
- "downstream-owned.md"
shared_ownership: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that will be owned by both the upstream and downstream repos in some managed way
  merged: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that should be treated as owned by both the upstream and downstream repos, with the ability for the upstream to own blocks w/in these types of files
  - "shared-ownership-merged.txt"
  structured: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that contain structured data to maintain on both the upstream and downstream side, e.g. json/yaml configuration files
    prefer_upstream: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that contain common structure data to merge, prefering the values set in the upstream repo
    - "shared-ownership-prefer-upstream.json"
    prefer_downstream: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that contain common structure data to merge, prefering the values set in the downstream repo
    - "shared-ownership-prefer-downstream.json"
migrations: # list of YAML file paths in the upstream repo, relative to the upstream repo root or subpath if specified, containing downstream repo migration instructions
- ".gitspork/migrations/0001/migration.yml"
```

Additionally, the schema for migrations yaml files will also be provided in the output of that command:

```yaml
pre_integrate:
  exec: "./.gitspork/migrations/0001/pre-integrate.sh" # command, or path to a script relative to the upstream repo root or subpath if specified, to execute in the downstream repo as a migration-related operation
post_integrate:
  exec: "./.gitspork/migrations/0001/post-integrate.sh" # command, or path to a script relative to the upstream repo root or subpath if specified, to execute in the downstream repo as a migration-related operation
```

## For Downstream Integrators

More coming soon, see the [root README.md](../README.md) in the meantime for the info currently available.

Commit message:

add new integrator type of templated, add a new convenience subcomman… (#7)
* add new integrator type of templated, add a new convenience subcommand for doing local-only integrates

* remove support for windows

docs/README.md, after:

# `gitspork` Documentation

> [!NOTE]
> Gitspork is still in a relatively early development phase. Pre-1.0 release, we will continue to iterate here and dial in both functionality and documentation alike.

## For Upstream Developers

When getting started, you can run `gitspork init --help` to see the schema and documentation for `.gitspork.yml`:

```yaml
version: "v0.1.0" # version of gitspork relevant to the config
upstream_owned: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that should be treated as fully-owned by the upstream gitspork repo
- "upstream-owned.txt"
downstream_owned: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that should be treated as fully-owned by the downstream repo once it's been initially integrated
- "downstream-owned.md"
shared_ownership: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that will be owned by both the upstream and downstream repos in some managed way
  merged: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that should be treated as owned by both the upstream and downstream repos, with the ability for the upstream to own blocks w/in these types of files
  - "shared-ownership-merged.txt"
  structured: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that contain structured data to maintain on both the upstream and downstream side, e.g. json/yaml configuration files
    prefer_upstream: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that contain common structure data to merge, prefering the values set in the upstream repo
    - "shared-ownership-prefer-upstream.json"
    prefer_downstream: # file patterns (https://github.com/gobwas/glob) that contain common structure data to merge, prefering the values set in the downstream repo
    - "shared-ownership-prefer-downstream.json"
templated: # list of instruction for templated source files in the upstream that should be rendered in some way to a location in the downstream
- template: "meta.txt.go.tmpl" # source path of the Go template file to use in the upstream
  destination: "meta.txt" # destination path and file name in the dowstream where the template will be rendered
  inputs: # list of inputs to provide to the template, and how to determine them
  - name: "input_one" # name of the input as defined in the template like 'index .Inputs "[name]"'
    prompt: "Input the value for 'one'" # (optional, one-of required) prompt to present to the user in order to gather the input value
    json_data_path: "" # (optional, one-of required) JSON data file path (relative to the directory of the .gitspork.{yml,yaml} config file/upstream root) containing the input value at the root property equal to the 'name'
  - name: "input_two" # name of the input as defined in the template like 'index .Inputs "[name]"'
    prompt: "Input the value for 'two'" # (optional, one-of required) prompt to present to the user in order to gather the input value
    json_data_path: "" # (optional, one-of required) JSON data file path (relative to the directory of the .gitspork.{yml,yaml} config file/upstream root) containing the input value at the root property equal to the 'name'
migrations: # list of YAML file paths in the upstream repo, relative to the upstream repo root or subpath if specified, containing downstream repo migration instructions
- ".gitspork/migrations/0001/migration.yml"
```

Additionally, the schema for migrations yaml files will also be provided in the output of that command:

```yaml
pre_integrate:
  exec: "./.gitspork/migrations/0001/pre-integrate.sh" # command, or path to a script relative to the upstream repo root or subpath if specified, to execute in the downstream repo as a migration-related operation
post_integrate:
  exec: "./.gitspork/migrations/0001/post-integrate.sh" # command, or path to a script relative to the upstream repo root or subpath if specified, to execute in the downstream repo as a migration-related operation
```

## For Downstream Integrators

More coming soon, see the [root README.md](../README.md) in the meantime for the info currently available.
